README.md, before:

# PAF - Python Automation Framework

Python implementation of [Testerra](https://github.com/telekom/testerra) API.

It is basically a wrapper for Selenium *WebDriver* and *WebElement* which bring some more comfort features.
This is not a test framework, but it implements some assertion features anyway.

The basic concept is, to identify *WebElements* on every action or property accessor to prevent `StaleElementExceptions`.

## Prerequisites

You need at least a local *WebDriver* installed.

**MacOS**
```shell
brew install chromedriver
```

**Windows**
```shell
choco install chromedriver
```
**Linux**
```shell
apt install chromedriver
```

## Quick start

```python
import inject
import paf.config
from paf.locator import By
from paf.page import FinderPage, PageFactory
from paf.manager import WebDriverManager

# Configure dependency injection
inject.configure(paf.config.inject)

# Instantiate the page factory
page_factory = inject.instance(PageFactory)

# Create a simple finder page
page = page_factory.create_page(FinderPage)

# Visit URL
page.open("https://google.com")

# Find element
element = page.find(By.id("q"))

# Perform actions
element.type("Search")

# Perform assertions
element.expect.text.be("Search")
```





## Feature list

- [UiElement features](doc/uielement.md)
- [Page objects](doc/page_objects.md)
- [Components](doc/components.md)
- [Managing WebDrivers](doc/webdriver.md)

### Missing features (todos)

- Rect assertions
- ContextClick/DoubleClick actions
- Frames/ShadowRoot support

## Environment variables

* `PAF_BROWSER_SETTING=chrome:90`: Sets the requested browser name and it's version.
* `PAF_WINDOW_SIZE=1920x1080`: Sets the browsers default window size.
* `PAF_SCREENSHOTS_DIR=screenshots`: Sets the screenshots' directory.
* `PAF_SEQUENCE_WAIT_AFTER_FAIL=0.3`: Wait in seconds whenever a sequence action fails. 
* `PAF_SEQUENCE_RETRY_COUNT=3`: Retry count for every sequence action.

## Run the tests
```shell
PYTHONPATH="." pytest --numprocesses=4 test
```

## Utils

```javascript
xpath = "//dt[.//text()='Title:']/following-sibling::dd[1]"
snapshot = document.evaluate(xpath, document.body, null, XPathResult.ORDERED_NODE_SNAPSHOT_TYPE)
snapshot.snapshotItem(0).textContent
```

Commit message:

Test improvements. Added RobotFramework example.

README.md, after:

# PAF - Python Automation Framework

Python implementation of [Testerra](https://github.com/telekom/testerra) API.

It is basically a wrapper for Selenium *WebDriver* and *WebElement* which bring some more comfort features.
This is not a test framework, but it implements some assertion features anyway.

The basic concept is, to identify *WebElements* on every action or property accessor to prevent `StaleElementExceptions`.

## Prerequisites

You need at least a local *WebDriver* installed.

**MacOS**
```shell
brew install chromedriver
```

**Windows**
```shell
choco install chromedriver
```
**Linux**
```shell
apt install chromedriver
```

## Quick start

```python
import inject
import paf.config
from paf.locator import By
from paf.page import FinderPage, PageFactory
from paf.manager import WebDriverManager

# Configure dependency injection
inject.configure(paf.config.inject)

# Instantiate the page factory
page_factory = inject.instance(PageFactory)

# Create a simple finder page
page = page_factory.create_page(FinderPage)

# Visit URL
page.open("https://google.com")

# Find element
element = page.find(By.id("q"))

# Perform actions
element.type("Search")

# Perform assertions
element.expect.text.be("Search")
```





## Feature list

- [UiElements](doc/uielement.md)
- [Page objects](doc/page_objects.md)
- [Components](doc/components.md)
- [Managing WebDrivers](doc/webdriver.md)

### Missing features (todos)

- Rect assertions
- ContextClick/DoubleClick actions
- Frames/ShadowRoot support

## Environment variables

* `PAF_BROWSER_SETTING=chrome:90`: Sets the requested browser name and it's version.
* `PAF_WINDOW_SIZE=1920x1080`: Sets the browsers default window size.
* `PAF_SCREENSHOTS_DIR=screenshots`: Sets the screenshots' directory.
* `PAF_SEQUENCE_WAIT_AFTER_FAIL=0.3`: Wait in seconds whenever a sequence action fails. 
* `PAF_SEQUENCE_RETRY_COUNT=3`: Retry count for every sequence action.

## Examples

I added two examples.

1. [test_google.py](examples/test_google.py): is a regular Google Search, implemented with [Page Objects](doc/page_objects.md) and [Components](doc/components.md). 
2. [test_todo_mvc.py](examples/test_todo_mvc.py): are re-implemented test cases from the [Robot Framework TodoMVC](https://docs.robotframework.org/docs/examples/todo) example. It's IMHO developer friendly, better readable and less code. 


## Developer area
### Run the tests
```shell
PYTHONPATH="." pytest --numprocesses=4 --cov=paf test
```

### Utils

```javascript
xpath = "//dt[.//text()='Title:']/following-sibling::dd[1]"
snapshot = document.evaluate(xpath, document.body, null, XPathResult.ORDERED_NODE_SNAPSHOT_TYPE)
snapshot.snapshotItem(0).textContent
```
